Page 1/5

A-

the right answer is reducing violence thought sport programmes.

B- 

1- True
2- False, The programme aim to engage children and youth from marginalized areas in sport-based activities and essential life skills in order to protect them from crime, violence and drug use.
3- False, the training programme was first piloted in Brazil.

C-

1- Areas that are targeted by the programme are Africa, Central Asia, The middle East, South America.

2- Other activities that children do besides sport are learning skills such as resisting social pressures, dealing with stress, and communicating effectively with friends

3- La Esperanza has become a safe place where local children can learn values of sport and respect, also delinquency was reduced by nearly 90%.

D- 

1- Many people were killed in Colombia due to armed conflict.
2- The objective of the "soccer with heart" initiative is to reduce violence. 

E- 

1- we have managed to reduce delinquency by nearly 90%.
2- Programme have been .. of audiences including polimakers in different countries.
 

Page 4/5

E- 

1- Many africain ministers was invited to the conference.
2- Ahmed advised me to go on a diet.
3- Despite the hotel was cheap, it was comfortable

F- 

you: d
waiter: a
you: b
waiter: c

G- 

1- If you've lost or left something on one of the city buses, go to there websites they have a form fill it and they will contact you, if they found something. 

2- Rachid Rafik is one of my favorite moroccan comedians. he have the funniest stand-ups. 


Page 3/5

F-

1- engage
2- tournament 

G-

1- line up, live up
2- children

II-language
A-
1- For
2- where
3- turn down
4- could

B-

1- challenge
2- empower
3- media
4- private

C- 

Cultural ... Literacy

D- 

1- was watching
2- has already started
3- called
4- will develop
 



Wrting :

there are many things we can do to be good citizens, for example, we must be vigilant against the enemies of the country. we must not do something which may help the anti-nationalists or the enemies of the country. we should have no sympathy for law breakers, and we should help the state in their arrest. we must do all we can to make the criminals feel that all respectable people are against them besides the fact that there is differents ideologies and ideas in the head of each person, we should unify our efforts to protect our homeland from outliers that are threats to our country. furthermore a good citezen someone who is clean in habits and thoughts. He leads a simple life. Odds never damp his courage. He is confident, brave and pure. He is sincere friend of humanity. He treats his fellowmen with kindness. He always helps the poor and needy. He never ill treats anyone. He does not deceive anybody. He is a man who is clean in thoughts, words and deeds. He does his duty well. He tries to attain excellence in every field of life.
Finally, it's our role to be the support for each other, school, parents should be the role model for there childs, to reflect all this values and priciples that each citezen should have.

Dear Ellena,  
Thank you very much for your last e-mail in which you told me about an English wedding; really it was amazing and I loved it a lot. Now, it’s my turn to talk to you about a Moroccan one.
Last year, it was my cousin’s wedding, thus all the family, young and old were getting ready for that great event. The wedding took place in a big, well-decorated and brightly lit ball-room in Casablanca. I wore my best traditional clothes and put on the jewelry I had kept for events such as this one. As soon as we arrived to the ball room, the couple’s parents hurried to welcome us with big smiles. After exchanging greeting and congratulations we sat around a table where we were served dates and milk which are symbols of love and peace in Moroccan culture.
A few minutes later, we heard a loud beautiful pop music coming from outside. The groom and his bride were coming. All the guests stood up to applaud them. They were fantastic and incredibly beautiful. He, the groom, was wearing a beautiful “djellaba” and the bride looked like a princess in her luxurious kaftan and her golden crown and jewelry. She was like a star in the night sky. We spent an unforgettable evening there dancing, singing and taking photos with the bride and the groom and of course eating delicious dishes. The ceremony lasted until the early hours of the day, then we all left the ball-room and wished the married couple a happy honeymoon.
I hope that now you have a nice picture about the Moroccan traditions, Ellena.
I am looking forward to your letter.
Best wishes
Your friend, Hajar